and was is that how you guys have found
people have they'll come to you after
season one they've kind of gravitated to
you like season 1 was actually difficult
to cast because we were you know nobody
knew what the show was who is doing a
webseries in LA so yeah nobody knew what
it was and then season 2 we used a
casting director for the first time but
he's very helpful like they put out a
breakdown and everything but you know
what's so funny about that is is we
ended up casting a lot of people a lot
of season 2 from people that we had met
out like that you met at the bar that's
how it works
double reinforced double reinforced cat
with steel back Oh hairy furry casting
couch and in season 3 we actually season
3 though we did cast a lot through
auditions we do a lot of casting from
the Eagle or whoever has dated Ian ah
thank you I was gonna say what they
plumb my list of buddies no I I
thank you in everyday for for my co-star
this season Australian muscle bear good
day now let's I know it's all top secret
every page was on microfiche no way good
leave the damn Sam with a rip up the
grab mister paranoia but what what can
you reveal about season 3 which will be
available for your viewing today unless
you're watching this in the future then
it was a while ago
well we it's we reveal a lot in the
trailer but it basically would woods
Cara would who was a former chunk model
Chung Studios MO goes back to do a
reunion calendar one of the
younger models gets electrocuted in the
hot right
and my character Reggie at the same time
is doing a true-crime reality pilot for
the inquisitive Channel of course so
this is my big opportunity so I kind of
dragged them all into it and of course
the no-brainer was talking go undercover
as a scantily clad model what latex is
the hottest pouring sweat oh my I did
see that was what I was looking at on
your Facebook page and captain latex we
call yeah
and Ben's character Nelson gets a very
important role in a horror movie that
kind of dovetails into the what's going
on with the murders the bear family of
where's the Bears are just a busy busy
busy why are they always getting caught
up in these crazy because we have had
that a few times like oh really you're
doing another murder another murder
Angela Lansbury did 22 episodes
for 12 years and there was a murderer
every week so we can do what a season
you're right I think you're completely
right although the body count is up this
year
mm-hmm
so last season you have Margaret Cho in
the show and who can we expect this here
any fun beacons from Desperate
Housewives oh it's my nemesis in season
1 and he comes back in season 3 that's
good he's in the horror movie also uh
very funny drew druggie our show this
Loretta Fox is back ah ha
but yeah probably the biggest name would
be tuck Sam pancake was front and center
for the dick sucked by the way oh I did
see him in the trailer going
knees right oh nice to meet you Sam now
get down there Sam got the part that I
wanted to see damn it it was down to the
wire it really was
we would give you a bigger part than Sam
pancake oh yeah four more
hey Wayne check us out on the stream TV
subscribe to us on youtube and
dailymotion and follow us on Twitter and
Facebook and lets us have a gay old time
my baby yeah yeah